- Liza escalate operation to move me ouit of apt at the new max level
  - destroy stuff i need
    - so i unable to do smth
    - or should spent money
  - She set everything up so that the neighbors started thinking that there is a drug den here
    - so they complained to Nata. Nata to owners. Owners to me.
      - But the own was agreed that i may stay if there will no complains in the future
- Liza helped to find some drugs(which i buy)
  - Also found 2 old(>1 year) stashes
- Migrate Liza to campus.
  - Started recieving calls from her mother
    - not sure if she is real
    - she wanted to speak with Liza, but Liza rejected
    - she asked don't let Liza go somewhere alone, and said that she will come after her next day
    - she didn't came and asked me to send Liaza home by taxi.
      - Also she asked to stop giving Liza apvp
  - Called some male. Asked question about Liza in offensive way.
    - I asked who is he and said that i can't continue communicatriong in such way. He cont. I end  the call.
    - Then he or some other male sent msg on viber threatening me that he will come with police tomorow.++++++++++++++
  -
  - I completely stoped to give her apvp
    - She slept two days then agtrrf left home(i orderd taxi. cash.  paid by mom)
- Found rollers and guards - start rolling
- Got no money
  - twicly asked Nata for money.
  - Liza came with 3000uah
    - she spent 1000 on taxi to me
    - we spent 300+300 on taxi to Turhanov island and back
    - she bought 1g apvp (for ~500+300)
		- where she spent/lost/etc whats left - i don't know
  - tried to get credit from banks and fin companies. rejected
  - sold foreign currency. got 800uah
    - still coudn't find place to exhange metal coins(EUR)\
  - Pravex still coudnt unblock my acc
- Called police to Campus. Arrived two officers who act as actors not-wanted to help.
  - The group still want me to masturbate on some porn with theirs girl, cum on her, then if she liks i should make her cum on public with cameras
    - if i didn't watch their porn or didb't watch it at - they tortured my
      - now they turns on pain in the root of penis very often and with high intensity
      - also now they
    - also they start to sent more girls for me
      - met one girl at night
        - she related to group for sure
        - she asked for 200uah. then she would gave me apvp
          - i got no such money.
          - also i felt significant tension and spoken inh non-attractive way.
            - similar to some drugs post-effects(especily mdma, mephedrone)
- found about group stalkihng and targeted individuals
  - many things similar to my case.	should investiugate furhter
- The group several times directly threatening me with consequences if I spread information about them
  - I responsed that i need a garantee of a descent future and if thay left me in the current state(not good at all) I will have no choice but to try to restore justice
